welcome to Scrapyard Wars where Luke and
I compete to build the best computer on
a fixed budget and this year it's going
to be interesting because we get to play
with an enormous
$800 including a hundred bucks to spend
on whatever we want from our sponsor
Jawa at the end of the week our setups
will be put through the ultimate
Gauntlet to find out who wins scrapyard
Wars yeah go go go do I keep all the
money here
[Music]
what this year the rules are mostly the
same except for one major change our
teammate can make pickups after the 5:00
p.m. cutoff we'll be bringing them in
shortly we still aren't allowed to
research or plan off hours nor are we
allowed to use our industry connections
or our influencer clout for deals which
has become harder as the channel has
grown and my face has become a bit of a
meme that is why our first stop is a
little
unusual there's actually one more change
this year you're not building just a
computer you're doing a full gaming
setup for $800 oh so like monitor
keyboard mouse yes oh I can do that desk
chair desk too easy unless he defines
chair I'm just going to show up with a
log I don't need to Define anything cuz
there's three parts to the score there's
going to be Labs testing there's going
to be subjective judging and then there
will be a benchmark drag race at the end
oh so you need to oppress the judges
with your setup well that is harder than
isn't it yeah oh it kind of gives you a
box or nose we're going to put on a few
small pieces to agid you a little bit
Yeah cuz that's what I need make you
look a little bit more tired grumpy
Haggard biker yeah and you're a biker
you're probably getting all that hitting
you clearly I'm a little ways off from
my close up but that doesn't mean I
can't start working on my plan of attack
we know the first name's Duke what do
you think for the last name I think you
kind of mentioned offand a bit ago Sons
of Anarchy there was like teller Dax
Morrow Morrow Duke Morrow I like Duke
Morrow that's a good one you know what
the end result for the makeup supposed
to be have you given any thought to your
identity as this finalized person not
even a little bit it might be time to do
that pick what bike does Duke Morrow
ride I like that one okay Luke has a
full Alias ready to go what I'm probably
just going to cheap out and just be my
grandpa boo you need a whole identity my
grandpa's cool I have a whole identity
I'm
John I'm from the
Prairies as is tradition we start by
scoping out the usual secondhand
marketplaces Facebook has come up in a
big way since the last time we did one
of these craigsl is like dead now man
looking at gpus over on Facebook right
now I'm kind of wondering if my $100 on
jawwa would be best spent just getting a
decent GPU and then fighting my way
through like crappy old Lenovo
pre-builts that are local honestly so
far finding the things on Jawa seems the
easiest but I'm trying to make sure that
I look everywhere we'll shop around a
6700 XT is like $400 Canadian Dollar on
Facebook and as low as
$240 on Java so it's like $320 bucks wow
oh yeah aside from pricing there's a
couple talking points uh put the market
in the hands of Gamers you can find
parts pre-built systems new and used and
they've got individually vetted verified
sellers so that's probably what I'm
going to want to go with so I can make
sure that we get it shipped up here in
time that's exactly right are we
considering things like shipping cost
and stuff like that no no no no we're
getting it like expedited so it'll
arrive tomorrow they're not actually
available in Canada they're making an
exception for us I kind of wish they
were though looking at this right now
meet your teammate what's up
brother name is Duke
Meo Duke so I've got a bit of a bad
update for you okay turns out um never
buying your own computer components and
not reviewing computer components for I
think 5 years since the last Gra spred
Wars means I have no idea what's going
on the what I've done is nothing well I
have some good news okay I have a plan
that I think will win us the game
brother there's a whole bunch of mom and
popop Tech shops or even just small Tech
shops that do like small to medium
businesses they have recycling piles oh
we could probably just call them so get
as much get like BC cases power supplies
things like that when I was working at a
place several years ago they were
recycling eighth gens CPUs whoa I love
this one thing that I was doing actually
was Googling around for recycling places
because something that won me a scrap R
wars in the past was finding free geek
yeah yeah totally free geek is closed
now oh yeah I forgot about that wo I
like this deal what the hell is this
Tower only 250 bucks core I 78700 32
gigs Ram this is obviously a custom
build comes with a tower cooler woah wo
cic 520 wat power supply dude I should
just go buy this I might not even keep
all that stuff I like 4 days I can flip
some of that stuff we're going to turn a
paperclip into a house let's go I'm
going to be super formal in my
communication I think that's going to be
part of my Persona I don't have a lot of
money what does he want to oh he wants
to play fortnite I'm going to spell it
wrong thank you John okay send message
we're going to see how it goes
apparently presentation is some amount
of the judging I don't know how much
like if we end up with kind of an ugly
computer M my idea was that we hide it
by like desk mounting the computer
basically and I have found a desk that
had like cable management holes in it
and all that kind of stuff that was free
it says pickup available today so we
should offer like now it's in Langley
too so it's nice and close overdale this
guy's like yeah just come by and pick it
up so we will go pick it up today h this
is
interesting what the hell is a ryzen
54500 oh wait do I have a message back
already I'm not a gamer you need to look
at the specs and draw your own conclus
clusions sorry can you advise if this is
the best deal you can offer me all right
well he got back to me really fast
that's a big improvement over the
Craigslist days what do I want my angle
to be I got to impress the judges if all
I had to do was build a fast computer no
problem who are the judges can we cater
to the judges yeah I'll tell you the
judges it's Nicole plof and Riley okay
so plof we need a good Monitor and
keyboard Riley is going to want
minimalism I want to make sure that we
try to spend nothing on desk chair
things like computer case stuff like
that but we should still try to do cool
things with it I should start figuring
out what I'm going to expect to pay for
like a desk I mean it's got to be free
right oh it's free as things that I'm a
little bit concerned about is
peripherals and monitor Labs won't be uh
testing the monitor they'll just be
testing the computer but the the monitor
will be more sub experience wao this
monitor is 300 HZ for
$175 honestly you might want to even
just send it that's really good it's a
24 in 1080p 1 millisecond IPS slow
motion dude I can get leftover paint for
like five bucks like if I like painted
up the walls near my setup and stuff I
think that'd go a long way there's one
system on Jawa that's like really sick
it's like legitimately pretty well
specked out my my biggest concern was
that's
American basic our budget I think that'd
be like $800 yeah so you have to get
like a free monitor free mouse free
keyboard free desk free chair
R it 400 bucks man there's some deals of
course C Sonic Focus gm550 man will not
come with storage okay that's what's
missing on this buddy for 400 all right
hi just sending some messages sending
some messages High lus never better oh
God
okay it was the reverse of what happened
when he shaved his beard off honestly
things are going a little rough okay for
team lonus and Sammy okay I found a
couple of pretty good deals they are not
responding to me oh I found one okay
deal Buddy needs 2 hours of notice but
it's for a core
i78700 which is okay yeah that's like
worse than mine and I play games that
run out of hamster wheel so what I
really want is a ryzen 3000 Series
there's a couple good deals out there
one of them I can call but I think it
might be actually better if you place
the call so guess what you're up now we
need a store you're my
daughter-in-law so that's why you're
communicating for me okay I'm trying to
buy a gaming system for my grandson I
guess he's your son then I'm 23 you
could have a son yeah biologically
speaking look I'm not saying you're a
responsible daughter-in-law I don't have
a lot of money I'm a pensioner okay you
have reached mailbox number we're going
to text I guess that makes it a little
bit easier okay um okay go uh stand
by what I mean you're good for now are
you sure you're old man finger store
should I type it off if we get the whole
computer for free we could spend the
rest of the budget just on ploof monitor
his current monitor that he has I'm down
but that all depends on you getting it
for free so why don't you call the tech
shops yeah maybe I should and see if
they have a Rec seconding pile they let
you dig through this person's mailbox is
full you can okay I guess we're calling
somewhere else so Luke is also doing
this right now you have reached mailbox
number
64 hey there I was just calling I just
heard back from uh buddy with the $400
3600 machine it's got a 1660 super in it
already we could probably flip that for
a few bucks b450a Pro Max 16 gigs rip
Jaws 3600 Focus 550 W power supply
Serenity Now nice looking case Okay lots
of nice looking fans and stuff will not
come with storage exclamation mark
that's fine we can find storage I worry
that this place is going to know my
voice though cuz I've definitely G you
got me do it hi there bit of a bit of a
long shot but I've just been calling
around trying to see if uh any of the
computer shops have like a recycling
pile or something if you've got anything
you were planning on recycling if I
could sift through it that would be
fantastic yeah I could I could ask one
of the the bosses would I be able to
give you a call back yeah absolutely I I
really appreciate it what was your name
L uh
duke duke duke yeah okay I'll give you a
call back okay thank you holy
crap What's Your Name
dke by the way they probably know who
you are cuz I've been there and they've
talked about lmg so this might be a
little bit interesting I hope they don't
agree to do it just because they might
have a sense of who you are if they do
it should be fine cuz it's free right
not really oh I suspect it would be
against the spirit of the competition ah
I see but I'll try to be pretty
convincing this buddy has no GPU in it
okay but does have storage okay oh God
what's this now I can help you out with
that if you're not the most text having
oh that's so helpful I am asking my
daughter inlaw to have a look at your
listing for me she is quite
knowledgeable no pressure though what do
you mean no I put things together I've
made one PC that's it you know how to
graph data visualization right yeah I
could do that on a
MacBook what time would we be looking at
I I don't mind this one ideally we
should be picking up at least something
today or it's going to be a big waste of
Tom's time to make me
up can we come
in oh uh uh uh uh no pressure an hour
can we come takes an hour to get there
1.5 hours we're going to immediately
flip this GPU okay cuz we're going to
pick up something else but we got
basically everything else that we need
here other than storage so we just got
to find storage do we have we don't have
one oh okay so you just wanted something
else mhm where do you want to meet up oh
God we're going to need like an outfit
for me by then well we're committed now
Sammy should we call Black laab Glenn
that's the guy who uh we did like buying
out the mom and pop tech shop give it a
shot I'll give a call we'll see if Keith
answers they picked up my recycling last
week ah okay
[Music]
yeah I'm going to ask him if he can do
$25 off but I feel like I might have
committed already am I going to be one
of those guys that shows up $50 short
and is like well do you want it or not
no I hate those people I actually hate
them I would be like I don't know this
man someone just reached out to me so
I'm not sure that's Luke they just low
balled you they sound like a
jerk pleasure doing business with you
that sounds very Boomer I know well it's
what I'm going for man yeah no response
from any of the tech shops I'm going to
feel so dumb if we buy a 3070 knowing we
can get the rest of the parts for like
nothing I agree so overall update we're
debating on buying 3070 on jawwa and it
is well priced on Java it is actually
well priced uh compared to our local
area right now but the issue we're
potentially seeing is if we spend that
little of our budget on a 3070 and we
get the rest of the computer for very
cheap we could have theoretically bought
a 3080 and so now we're trying to weigh
our options of should we just bite the
bullet and get the
3070 should we wait for for this one of
the tech shops to call us cuz maybe
they'll say yeah come look through our
recycling pile well we could buy the
3070 hear me out do you think someone
here wants to buy a 3070 we sell it to
them for $20 more that is actually fine
you I don't think we could sell it in in
in the company but if we were able to
flip it on Facebook market like a day
and a half yeah cuz it's it's showing up
from java if we buy that stuff has
happened by the way yeah it's just very
hard let's see
3070 okay what's a 3070 going
for 2300 wo wo
wo $260 is this just like an amazing
deal the only thing we're going to get
that might be better would be if we
could get a 6800 XT okay I don't think
we're getting that maybe a 6,800 XT what
about a 3080 equivalent AMD card that's
what I'm looking for right now got it oh
man I'm I'm a little scared to just take
the first deal I see on Java but like I
think this is like the best deal if Luke
doesn't get this I think he's like boned
the thing is that like I feel like if
it's the official store they would have
tested it question mark that's true cuz
that's like a big chunk of change right
and we can't get it back still going
with that then yeah I'm I think we're
still going to go with it found 100 Herz
1080p 22in monitor for 50 bucks or we
get that monitor that we saw that super
Overkill monitor cuz if we get a 3070 or
3080 it'll be able to drive it but then
that monitor is 100 Canadian it was yeah
it and it's all the Java money so we
would only have 600 bucks left which
then would be 500 for a 3080 so we' have
$100 $100 for the rest of the system and
peripherals there is a $75 one it's 24
in 144 that's sick isn't it yeah 75
bucks and then we have 25 bucks still on
Java so spend it on that SSD what's the
most we can get for the max price of 25
bucks we can get a 256 SATA or a 256 m.2
sheesh brother or we spend 28 so we go
$3 US to Canadian and we get a 480 sat
you want to do that I think that's that
seems pretty good to me okay we need to
find out what the cheapest SSD we can
get is oh wait buddy here has tons of
them okay no no we can yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah okay so we can we can get them
for 20 bucks Canadian locally now we're
trying to make a commitment on the GPU
so that we can have a pricing for the
rest of the system but we don't want to
actually spend the money so we're going
to ask someone if we can make an
agreement to buy the card and say can we
pick it up tomorrow with full intention
to actually do that
but by saying we're going to pick it up
tomorrow we're buying ourselves the time
to figure out if it's even technically
possible so that is 100% the goal we're
not going to try to bail on this
person um but we want to lock in the
deal $380 and 800 system is insane I can
pick it up tomorrow is there any wiggle
room on the price smiley face I don't
know if I'm deleting the smiley face I
don't know if Duke Mero would send a
smiley face oh sorry yeah you're Duke c
i oh I never checked my email whoo whoo
whoo wo I heard back from this guy I'm 3
after 6 today okay original Craigs List
oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa okay but it only comes with 8
gigs of RAM but it has a better
motherboard it has a Quadro 600 that's
like really old I think Quadro 600 is
worth
$5 where do you see 4500 u in the
posting I mean it says 4500 that's not a
CPU wait what the H is a ryzen 54500 oh
it is a desktop chip how okay with
bending the rules are
you we're okay with that what if we like
bought this and then we went on like a
selling spree over the next bit because
I I think this deal is crazy okay like I
think this guy has no idea what this
stuff is worth there's five noctua fans
the noctua fans are worth $200 I say we
do it okay and then we sell stuff and
then we have to sell stuff to get back
under budget
okay Luke would do the same thing I
don't know if we actually want to go
with his name but hey young
Mike such a stupid name what's up if I
come pick up today at
6 can you give me $20
off see this isn't so much a budget
management exercise as a cash flow
management exercise because the jawwa
cash hasn't left our wallet so as long
as by the time the jawwa card arrives
and the cash is back in our wallet by
then then we're good okay right I didn't
hear anything and I we'll allow it cuz
it sounds interesting
okay okay okay okay between these two
deals I think we're in really good shape
because like Orizon
3600 is worth like 90 bucks this's all
mental math which is not my specialty
have you seen the tattoos wa you got one
by your eye damn your nose is huge I
can't get over the nose the nose is
pretty huge this side is enormous yeah I
really don't look that different I think
if I put a hat on though yeah a hat
would help here we go here we go we
heard back okay sure sure sure 20 bucks
off we just got 20 bucks off let's go
$20 is the difference between Victory
and crushing defeat okay in scrapyard
Wars $20 is the difference between cute
desk and not cute desk that's true and
it'll get us points with Nicole right
cuz she has a cat right yes I'm still on
your head all right let's do it I think
you should do it you want me to shave
his head you should shave his head why
are we even why are we doing this at all
does he need to be convincing as well is
Linus's person also getting disguised is
that a no the problem is Elijah is
actually kind of recognizable uh we do
need to go to our first Port of Call
very soon though here's what I'm
thinking Sammy okay do you want to make
a quick trip to the Valley Village we
have a separate budget for clothes for
our outfit okay you got to help me out
here I'm fine if you try to actually
style it you don't have to go straight
bald what does style it mean I don't
know do a lower taper fade straight bald
is the only style we
know I already regret it I don't know if
this is the right time to say it I've
never cut anyone's hair in my entire
life if you want to see the uh the full
you know uncut version of me brutalizing
Elijah's hair uh check it out on Flow
playay and if you're not subscribed
there has never been a better time we're
going to be releasing every part of
scrapyard world a little bit early on
the platform and that's on top of all
the incredible content we have cooking
at lm. g/f flat plane but wait there's
more if you're itching for even more
scrapyard Wars goodness Jawa has an
entire giveaway campaign running right
now they gave us a sneak peek and I got
to say you're going to want to check it
out for yourself that's at the link
below now back to the video sorry I'm a
little focused right now but yeah check
it out I appreciate him being focused oh
my God that's a lot of hair I'm giving
young Mike a
buzz what does that say I don't want to
this rip okay I don't want it to be like
white people can't read this or
something we're here at Valley Village
line is giving $50 in cash I was tasked
to specifically get him a hat we'll see
what embarrassing things I can put him
in there his named BJ but he wears socks
with sandals at the office so I don't
know how much worse it can get $
13.99 we'll go with this I'm an adult
but not like a real adult I think this
one is more fitting of a boomer man with
a daughter-in-law who's 23 years old
sold how much is this one $7.99 it' be
really funny if we had a fedora his
head's kind of small isn't it maybe we
do have to go with a cap then we'll go
with this one it's very beige and sad
pants are hard cuz the thing is like
he's so short so I think getting shorts
is like the safer option here khaki
might work like he goes boating and
fishing every once in a while he sold
his house for $3 million even though he
bought it for 150,000 it matches
okay we're
[Music]
good you look like that could just be
your
haircut
yes I did it I mean same with you I just
look like I got you mentioned it I think
you said it well I just look older and
like I had some bad decisions what do
you mean great
decisions now look here young man my God
he looks way different than I do you
don't look that different you look older
we're we're hoping a a hat is going to
be a big part of the sale I haven't I
have not seen myself yet to be fair you
look older as well as oh my God you just
look a lot
older I feel like you've maybe got a bit
of Advantage here cuz people will be
like nice to the old grandpa trying to
buy a computer for probably what I'm
assuming you're going to say is you're
like young gosh I never thought of that
oh you just gave him advice no trust me
he was going to do it anyways I'm buy a
PC for my grandson yes yeah have you
seen the neck one yet oh not bad
actually I like that yeah it's good you
should get neck tattoos no you know you
can have hats from here right oh a
pirate hook what Elijah whose team are
you on you could also just wear a
freaking
helmet you know what that sells the look
a lot that I'm going to leave and get in
my
car no you want to go with like the
Canadian flag the Canadian flag is
really good this hat is definitely too
small for me I think it was a
child-sized
hat you know
what your laugh is so distinctive though
I got to not laugh found any good deals
yeah actually I didn't nice I got no
good deals nice all right see you later
see
you hi there honey give me a
kiss wow that's actually like very
realistic not bad huh no it's pretty bad
how's it going I mean how's it going
young whipper snappers my goodness you
young people it's inspiring seeing y all
working so hard in here the visual
change is actually people won't
recognize you I think I've seen the
other team and they look very much like
the other
team look at that Callin
speechless
dad well you have a hat but I bought you
a dad hat which also might work we got
to go basically like immediately so I'm
just going to thr this is a shirt it
still had the tag on it doesn't really
matter what it says because I grabbed
you a
sweater I grabbed you a sweater okay
maybe we'll throw the sweater on and
then I grabbed you like khaki shorts cuz
I wasn't I didn't want to buy long pants
and have them be too long because okay
you know so good luck go I made sure
that they didn't have weird stains or
holes on them so thanks we are headed to
Valu vage or Value Village to try to get
the rest of my costume like the clothing
portions of my costume Elijah is off to
go pick up the desk and potentially
other things from some Warehouse I'm
hoping he can come out with a desk and a
chair now my eyes ain't what they used
to be I I think we're I think we're
going to turn right up there is that
right all right what's this accent hold
on hold on let me let me try again you
should have gotten uh coaching from
Gary I don't think any of these beat the
Canada hat and I close enough to the
steering wheel oh am I in the lane right
now yeah is it actually work yes we just
get this and then I can check what shirt
I have in the car and go nice yeah well
this is it yeah first deal am I going to
pass I hope so if you just like look
down maybe hopefully he's taller than
you
so that's rich coming from
you uh am I going to get away with this
the voice you have to change the voice
[Music]
sorry um so we're yeah we're here to
pick up the
PC our success hinges on selling some of
the components that we' bought his name
is John isn't that lius I didn't tell
you this but I'm $80 over budget do you
think he's faking selling stuff this
listing is being reviewed did Luke
report it that would be quite the actual
move sorry for being difficult here